Hey everyone, welcome back.
And now we're gonna show you exactly
how to install the image file,
the operating system,
onto the SD card here.
And so on my screen you can see that
we've already extracted the folder.
And we've already installed
the Win32DiskImager onto our computer.
>> Oh, so now we're gonna go ahead and
just open the Win32DiskImager.
>> Click here and we're gonna run the app.
>> The next thing we do is go ahead and
click on the button right here
to search for your image file.
Our image file is on
the desktop in this folder.
Select the image file that you want.
>> The Ubuntu image here.
And next we also wanna click
on the right device driver.
So as soon as you plug in your
sd card into your computer,
there's gonna be a letter
associated with the driver.
And for us it's the letter E,
so we're gonna click on the letter E and
we're gonna click on Write.
And we gonna say Yes,
we wanna write onto the device.
>> And with that,
we're gonna go ahead and let this run and
we'll go see you in the next section.